How do I turn on Socio?
First Open the Socio Website Using this Url www.Socio.epizy.com
Next, On the bottom right click on the Chatbot  icon to interact with Socio

Is Socio safe?
Yes,Your data, like your conversations with Socio  is private and secure.

What is the goal of Socio?
Socio provides  a complete assistance in guiding a new customer and resolving their queries instantly

What are the features of Socio?

Guiding customer through  the loan Queries
Resolving their queries in creating a bank account and about types of account
Provides on-time notifications and alerts
Enhanced customer service
Resolves customer queries on priority
Provides instant solutions 
 

Can Socio talk to me?
No socio doesnot  provide voice assistant feature

Can I do payement using Socio?
No , socio only guides you through the payement process.

What is Socio?
Socio is a virtual assistant created by TFLEX team to guide customer through various task  regarding banks.

What are the services provided by Socio?
Socio provides various  services in assisting a customer.
The main feature  includes:
Guiding customer to create an account.

What are the use of chatbots in banking?
Chatbots allow financial institution to talk to millions of customer at once and proactively alert
customer s to potential issue or upcoming payements.

Who created Socio?
It was developed by a team called TFLEX

How do I feel after talking to socio?
After interacting with Socio customer feels  happy and satisfied  that their tasks has been dealt  soon and solutions found instantly

Why should I use chatbot for banking FAQ?
Banks have had trouble keeping up with the expanding number of clients who want to access their accounts via various channels for a long time now. Customers have come to demand rapid responses from banks, and chatbots that answer frequently asked questions (FAQs) give customers the ability to communicate with the bank whenever it's convenient for them to do so.
 
Can socio helps  in changing passowrd?
Yes , socio can guide through how to change password

Why is Socio loved by all?
It is effective ,effecient and provide seamless interaction that makes the customer to have lasting impressionS

Socio works without Internet?
Socio cannot be alive without Internet.